Updated README to explain what the project does (#4)
delianides/kap-vercel: README.md

> [Kap](https://github.com/wulkano/kap) plugin - Share on [Vercel](https://vercel.com)

> Exports your Kap recording to a dedicated Vercel project. Visit/share your Vercel project's url to watch the latest recording. Each time you export, the recording is overwritten.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin utilizes Vercel's preview deployments feature. When you export a recording to Vercel the preview URL is copied to the clipboard and can be shared publically.
```
